---
layout:     post
title:      Dive into the Final Exam and Start Something New
subtitle:   Weekly Summary 2.
date:       May 11, 2018
author:     Qin
header-img: img/bg-final.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Final
---

The whole week is full of preparation for the final exam, which is certainly the final class during my campus life, so I treat it seriously. Although it is an open-note exam, I started to go over the slides from last Sunday till now. It will happen this evening. I cannot say I have prepared very well, but I'm sure I have tried my best to cover all the content I'm supposed to acquire.

On the other hand, I have two more tasks to undertake from this week. The first one is Android software development. Actually, I thought it is such a magic to finally produce a functional APP, and it is also my future task for a potential research topic which will conducted under the guideline of some excellent senior guy in my group. I hope this new start can force me to practice more so as to learn new skills or achieve some interesting outcomes, such as a good paper. The second task is to start a new paper with Peter, which is related to the blockchain and Internet of Things. Actually, the main idea has been formed very well, which is also the results of his Venture competition. In this task, I'm asked to learn something related to searchable encryption. I have read one paper about this problem and I thought it is reasonable to employ this cryptography technique in this paper. Even though the firm deadline for this paper should be June 1, I though we can finally make it.

Well, that's all I've completed this week and will continue the above tasks in the following week.